add external-signer value to validators-external-signer-public-keys (#462)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

List or URL of validator public keys used by an external signer (for example, Web3Signer).

Use the URL to load the public keys from a remote service. For example:

```bash
--validators-external-signer-public-keys=http://localhost:9900/publicKeys
```

> Use the value `external-signer` to load all public keys managed by the external signer. Teku will automatically query external signer's [`/publicKeys` endpoint](https://consensys.github.io/web3signer/web3signer-eth2.html#tag/Public-Key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the value `external-signer` to load all public keys managed by the external signer. Teku automatically queries the external signer's [`/publicKeys` endpoint](https://consensys.github.io/web3signer/web3signer-eth2.html#tag/Public-Key).
```
